Add "Override a module" (#1203)
PrestaShop/docs: modules/concepts/overrides.md

}
```

## Override a module

Since version 1.6.0.11 of PrestaShop, a new feature is available that allows developers to override some parts of the modules.
Despite a module having different files, the main one, additional classes, etc., you can override the main file, and ModuleFrontController (note: this is available since 1.7.2.0) based files.

### Override module's main class by extending it

To override a module's instance class, you have to extend it, giving the extended class the same name and adding the `Override` suffix:

```php

> if (!defined('_PS_VERSION_')) {
> 	exit;
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: You don't need to specify this part, as we don't specify `<?php`.
It's only needed if you don't want to execute the whole file, but since it's a class declaration it's not mandatory.

class BlockUserInfoOverride extends BlockUserInfo
{
	public function hookDisplayNav($params)
	{
                 // This is only an example, please do not use HTML here :-)
		return '<div class="header_user_info"><a>Test</a></div>';
	}
}
```

> You must put the file in `/override/modules/blockuserinfo/blockuserinfo.php`

Reviewer: It should be automatically done by modules no?

Reviewer: Or should be properly explained

Author: Not in this case, if you want to override a module it has be done manually (file creation, class declaration, etc)

Reviewer: It's more a "You can" instead of "you must", especially when you have multiple ways to do it.

Author: Maybe it's better "you need" 🤔? Because following the steps to override a module you need to do this manually (create file, etc), the other way is described after, override a module with another module XD

Author: @PierreRambaud ping 😊

}
```

## Override a module

> Since version 1.6.0.11 of PrestaShop, there is a new feature that allows developers to override a module’s instance classes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since version 1.6.0.11 of PrestaShop, a new feature is available that allows developers to override some parts of the modules.
```

> Despite a module could have different files, the main one, the controller(s), etc; **only the main file** can be overridden.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Despite a module having different files, the main one, additional classes, etc., you can override the main file, and ModuleFrontController (note: this is available since 1.7.2.0) based files.
```

Author: I didn't know about that! Since 1.7.2 you can override the module front controllers?

### Override module's main class by extending it

> To override a module’s instance class, you have to extend it, giving the extended class the same name and adding `Override` suffix:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To override a module's instance class, you have to extend it, giving the extended class the same name and adding the `Override` suffix:
```

```php

> <?php

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

if (!defined('_PS_VERSION_'))
	exit;

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
if (!defined('_PS_VERSION_')) {
	exit;
}
```

class BlockUserInfoOverride extends BlockUserInfo
{
	public function hookDisplayNav($params)
	{
		return '<div class="header_user_info"><a>Test</a></div>';

> 		// return $this->display(__FILE__, 'nav.tpl');

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                 // This is only an example, please do not use HTML here :-)
		return '<div class="header_user_info"><a>Test</a></div>';
```

	}
}
```

> The file must be put in `/override/modules/blockuserinfo/blockuserinfo.php`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must put the file in `/override/modules/blockuserinfo/blockuserinfo.php`
```

> After added an override don't forget to clean cache, you can do it from back office, or by CLI using the symfony console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After adding an override, don't forget to clean the cache. You can do it from the back office or by CLI using the Symfony console.
```

> You may even make a module that has overrides for other modules! For instance:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may even create a module that overrides other modules! For instance:
```
